OKTA-819058 Acrolinx edits on Enterprise IdP page (#5168)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/main/saml2/appatidp.md

> Access the external SAML IdP you want to integrate with and gather the following information. Use this information to configure the SAML IdP in Okta in the next step. Ensure the SAML IdP supports Service Provider-initiated SAML.

Reviewer: Add this right after the bullet list:
```
Use this information to configure the SAML IdP in Okta in the next step. Ensure the SAML IdP supports SP-initiated SAML.
```

> > **Note:** If you need a quick and easy SAML IdP to use for testing purposes, you can use this [SAML Identity Provider on GitHub](https://github.com/mcguinness/saml-idp).

Reviewer: Let's move this to the bottom of the snippet (L11). This is optional information that can be presented at the end.

> When you set up an external IdP, sometimes the **Issuer**, **Single Sign-On URL**, and **Certificate** values aren't available. This information may not be available until the metadata is uploaded to the IdP. Also, the ACS URL and Audience URI values aren't available until you configure the IdP in Okta. If that's the case with your external IdP, continue to the [next step](#create-an-idp-in-okta).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the user would "set up an external IdP". These instructions are for configuring an app (or registering an app) in the external IdP.

Can you move this information right after the "Use this information... " line?

Reviewer: Rewording suggestion:
```suggestion
If you don't have the issuer URI, SSO URL, and certificate values, continue to the [next step](#create-an-idp-in-okta) to generate the SAML metadata. The external IdP requires the ACS URI and audience URI, which are included in the generated metadata. Upload the metadata to your external IdP to obtain the issuer, single sign-on URL, and certificate values.
```

* **IdP Issuer URI**: The issuer URI of the IdP. This value is usually the SAML metadata `entityID` of the IdP `EntityDescriptor`.

> * **IdP Single Sign-On URL**: The binding specific IdP authentication request endpoint that receives SAML AuthN request messages from Okta.

Reviewer: On L9, change "Identity Provider" to "IdP".
